I've seen a lot of weird
controllers but this really it even
animates yeah I have got to stop using
eBay to treat my insomnia
oh oh I look really dumb but if I'm a
dumb looking winner am I really
[Music]
dumb I can't believe I did that in front
of my sponsor
Ridge claims that their luggage can keep
your clothes dry in even the stormiest
of situations the only catch is you kind
of got to put them inside
[Music]
first the future is at hand 6° of motion
control what what is this this is the
power of five controller from essential
reality from 2002 caution choking hazard
Six Degrees of tracking ensures
realistic movement the first widely
available virtual 3D controller that
offers total intuitive interaction this
is the sensor yeah well this you really
can use it anywhere this thing was in
almost brand new condition how much
should we pay for this well you want to
guess it came with two games plus a demo
I'm I'm going to say it was $90 when it
was new and we paid $250 it was $149
new we paid
30 wow comfortable who would want a
regular mouse and keyboard if they can
have this feel like an idiot this is the
power button for the glove careful
you're doing stuff on the screen here
whoa whoa hey whoa hey oh how you doing
you're mosing
whoa go here to calibrate move Jordan
I'm interacting
okay sorry you want oh oh oh look at
that oh right click right
click man why would you want to rest
your hand on a flat surface comfortably
when you can hold it out in front of you
press a okay a make a
fist press a again holding your fist
like this good now you're calibrated
that's it my fingers have been saved
that's it so now okay pick a game over
here uh-huh I would suggest not tiger
hunt Beach head or Hitman you can't tell
me what to do dad well we're going tiger
hunt apparently okay best of
luck isn't this a great
game oh my God this is so
tedious and it actually interferes with
the use of an actual Mouse you need you
need keyboard as well St oh I need
keyboard okay the glove might only be
View at this point I'm not sure I think
it is but I didn't get very far in this
game I got mad is this game just a
complete piece of or like oh okay that's
why I said don't use this one how are
you supposed to do any of this object I
can't even get through the tutorial
Mission what is happening right now use
your intuition b
b see oh hey change the view nice I
can't turn you're turn tur look at the
wheel no I'm trying to turn right oh no
it doesn't do that try turning with your
hand
what oh oh oh okay so that's how I
control the camera and that's the wheels
who the hell thought this was a good
idea I can only twist so
far next game turn just turn it off like
your hand turn my hand off
yeah this thing is absolutely rage
inducing all right Hitman
time oh my
God oh my God come on I'm so mad like I
just freaking punch the screen the
screen didn't do anything wrong it's you
you're the
problem oh my God I want to throw it
away I want to try a game okay Silent
Assassin
time deep breath cleansing bre you got
this proessional this is going to go
well okay it's a wd yep I can open door
by tapping tapping what what are you
even talking about I was I don't know
couldn't figure it out look through the
keyhole look through the keyhole where
the hell is the keyhole what Keyhole
wait there's a trap door am I wearing an
apron you might be you can open the
door by tapping like is that is that
with this somehow
maybe oh w
w there's a dude out there did
something how'd you do that oh I can
open the door by
taing oh no how do I do it oh my God I'm
so mad did I zoom double click double
click double click
no
okay oh he did it oh my God oh my God
I'm out go get him
hit boom
boom no so tell me why didn't this
interface take off because people didn't
understand it they didn't appreciate its
genius Jordan oh my God I have to look
through the keyhole again okay wait is
that how you open doors by looking in
the key I don't know yeah buddy I think
index finger is shoot but I don't think
you have a gun I'm going to get a
gun all right so you should come back
tomorrow when you've got that done maybe
it's time to go to confet maybe it's
time to go to all F4 all right nice
controller I really hope this is the
worst
one bowling There You Go sir no way yeah
man more realistic gameplay better
accuracy everything you need to take
bowling to the next level good gravy
it's an entire we
controller look at that it's got a it's
got a stretched out round d-pad on it it
or wait you're going to need this oh no
what you actually have to put the
controller inside it it's not even a
controller no so when they advertise it
as having wi motion plus they just mean
it supports it you can put a wi Motion
Plus weote inside it
yeah even though holding and bowling the
ball is so lifelike to the actual sport
never ever release the ball thanks CTA
digital this is from 2009 MSRP was 25
bucks what do you think we paid for
it 25 bucks 20
yeah oh my God so you you really do just
put a wi mode in it that's it that's it
that's all it's just so convenient I'm
going to suggest you put the wrist strap
on I guess I look most like that one I
made the special for you a thank you
best of five overtaken on Matt with a
skill level of 49 okay here we
go oh yeah
buddy still got my
skills
oops my wrist hates me right now like
absolutely hates me it's still better
than the glove though come on that's
true
all right let's Bowl enough of this I
sincerely doubt that this is going to
improve anything about the bowling
experience
wow nice throw maybe it works after
all that could have been a fluke try it
again lobing the
ball we're going to curve this
curve would have been that
way can I nail this 46 split nope no no
no no chance how dare you doubt my wee
bowling
prowess balls no it's too much it's too
much that was good yeah yeah yeah yeah
all right here we go turkey in the final
frame this is it are you
watching boom
one two come on let's
go here it is
Jordan oh oh come on oh denied okay
legitimately kind of cool accessory for
25 bucks all right 20 20 bucks yeah yeah
all all right I am surprised at how at
least not damaging to the gameplay
experience it
was that's a very generous way to put
that the warnings about this thing are
for real no joke though guys with the
controller in it like like she's got
some
heft you know like boom
bo you ready yes go
this is the Namco
neon H
1995 is there a particular game that
it's designed for it is designed for
racing games
primarily as a steering mechanism
interesting patents
pending wait what is this button layout
are we on a PlayStation we are on a
PlayStation I don't understand it's an
alternate layout one 12 a start yep this
is this is a licensed PlayStation
product they got the logo on it yeah man
oh wow these are the longest travel face
buttons I think I have ever seen look at
that look at that travel it even goes
within the housing analog shut up these
are analog analog throttle and break
these are analog this is analog this is
not for some reason and then this
obviously is oh okay this one I'm
legitimately excited for it might suck I
can't tell you how much it cost
unfortunately you can't tell me how much
it cost not
MSRP oh couldn't find it interesting if
you know leave a comment let us know it
ended up there's about 100 games that
supported it mostly racing games
obviously so like your grter is M like
everybody supported it and they even
like have special art for it in the
menus and everything like if you go into
the config go into your options here key
config
noes it's a little
preview how cool is that all right give
her Ridge Racer Revolution right oh oh
hi oh you're in do it what does p have
to do with anything I don't
know we will actually have game sense
captured you
know this is not very good uh try
leaving one hand still and just moving
the other one uh and move less than you
think you might need to
okay that's a little better now it
reminds me of operating an RC car kind
of yeah yeah with the little sideways um
uh steering wheel you know what I'm
talking about yep I totally do no no no
no no no no okay I'm I got this i got
this two right behind you no shoot ah I
keep going the opposite way some that's
funny it's the same thing Glen was doing
also this is a lot of strain to keep
this accelerator pushed down a little
bit yeah yeah it's not good it's it's
bad it's really bad it's too analog yeah
blue shell blue shell wrong game no you
get F I'm going to be top five breaking
hard oh shoot it broke too hard top
seven wow these breaks though incredible
technology they had back in 2002 or
whatever uh 95 it's older than Elijah so
was this launch year this thing came out
launch year or the year after it was
really quick wow all right this seems
like a late in the cycle accessory you
know
they made three versions of it actually
this is the first one really there's a
second version which is a little bit
more refined uh a little bit less travel
on the controls and the third version
only came out in Japan top five baby I
don't see a top five anywhere I mean I
was in fifth okay um what do you think
of
it I can see if you kind of got used to
it yeah but the dead zone is pretty big
it's heavy think back to what your
Alternatives would have been back then I
mean this would have absolutely crushed
anything that du shock yeah no dual
shock there was no you had a d-pad and
buttons yeah this would have crushed a
d-pad and buttons at the time though
like you actually have some finess to
the
control I think this one's pretty cool
your final controller of the day sir
yes you seem confused I'm super confused
it's something to do with is it a train
yeah no it isn't don't lie it's for
operating a train yeah no
way what is this game it's a denta to go
or denta to go sorry this is train
simulator before train simulator yep oh
wait how much did we pay for that Namco
one uh we paid what do you want to guess
uh I'm going to say that's somewhat
collectible 100 bucks 55 bucks okay
there's actually tons of them out there
all between like 40 and 60 all right uh
okay
Tio got start and select that's an
improvement over the Namco controller
ABC and we're missing a button here so
that's not very PlayStation of
you this I assume is a throttle and this
I assume is some kind of gear thing
you're pretty
close this is your throttle oh this is
your brake is this my cup holder that is
for your stop watch no way it comes with
an adorable no we made that oh but
you're supposed to put a stopwatch
that's what it's for it's for no way ah
so cool wait do we have a props
Department where'd this come from I made
it oh that's cute thanks okay start uh
just do the top thing yeah
no I want to do material Hall of train
all right so basically each of these
games there's a series of the these
uhhuh and they'll each one will be three
or four different train routes in Japan
the most recent one came out in 2020
really and they've had special
controllers for like every platform you
can name basically so do the first one I
would say no you're going to lose no
matter what so like okay so the goal is
yes you need to stop your train within
30 cm of the target line within a half a
second of when you're supposed to get
there that's the easy mode
okay so your speed's here you have your
starting station you're going to pass
through a station and your stopping
station okay you want to pass through
that station at
5740 and once the green light comes on
on the side here you'll turn off your
brake and put on the throttle okay uh
should we reload it we should probably
reload that I mean this is pretty funny
but hey it's working I think where we
left off you were explaining the
different levels of breaking and calling
out today's LTT store shout out classic
shirts nice back in stock LTT store.com
you can release your brake now that's
okay all the way off and now you can go
all right so that I'm going I'm going
I'm going so you have obviously 1.7 km
to your next uh station yeah you're not
going to stop at that station though
okay you're going to have to Blow Your
Horn when you go through it that's the C
button okay sure uh your speed limit is
55 right now oh okay you're good you're
doing 49 yeah yeah yeah yeah no but yeah
oh jeez okay I found like going and
Coast kind of toy well I got this i got
this but wait I got to go past it at
92325 that's when you're trying to go
past that station okay oh shoot down oh
shoot shoot shoot shoot oh shoot I'm
screwed I'm not going to make it you'll
be okay you'll be okay no no Full Speed
Ahead you got this here we go kicking
the nitrous I got 15 seconds to get
there oh we're going now boys I think
it'll be okay cuz this is a station
you're just going to blow through
CH so you should be okay
isn't the scenery
beautiful um oh ball so I'm late going
through there yeah you you'll make up
the time cuz you're going real fast
right now
okay okay I got to blow the horn hit the
horn
yeah man did I die oh yeah you died you
were too late to blow the horn no to get
through the station it looks like oh you
can be within like 15 seconds 15 seconds
late I'm dead yeah you've been fired oh
my God continue okay I can do this this
time and is there a benefit to gearing
up no you know like being in first no no
oh just go for it the tutorial even says
just go to Five 54 km an hour it'll bump
up to like 80 yep what's up it up oh
it's 80 now Crank It Up oh I didn't
notice that before and then it'll go
away entirely after that okay that's why
it took so long for me to yeah okay so
now
I all right I've seen recommends like 80
to 90 is kind of your top okay I got
this okay we are totally going to make
it we're preparing you for your second
career as a Japanese training conductor
oh we're going to nail it we're going to
nail it we're speeding up a little bit
beautiful oh
yeah okay all right so now you got a
kilometer to your next station oh jeez I
got to go pretty fast dude yeah man no
80 to 90 is not the right speed here I
don't think they're not messing around
whoa whoa wo there's a speed limit 90
speed limit 90 balls break a little bit
not crazy though okay you're good you're
good this is dude this is really really
stressful this is serious business man
they're not they're not kiding around
he's not a game brother no no this is
life holy I've got 10 seconds I'm
not going to make it you got it only a
couple hundred meters it's right there
oh but I got a break hit the
horn oh we're still going yeah yeah yeah
horn horn horn until that becomes the
symbol for stop you don't have to stop
Jus okay I'll know it when I see it okay
just keep going just keep going we're
flying boys we're fly 90 slow it down
whoa whoa whoa w g creepers creepers
okay level three breaking level three
breaking more slower more slower I'm
working on it oh you lost dang it so
what do you think this is a really
stressful game this isn't Fun is it
better than the glove though well yeah
it's way better than the glove so if you
had to pick one of these controllers to
bring home what's it going to be oh
hands down this guy right here all right
this is cool that one's awesome super
cool and which one should be buried in
the desert with ET oh I think you all
know the answer to that in fact
I'm going to give it a personal Head
Start good riddens to bad
rubbish see you later buddy hey Dennis
where you going it's the middle of the
day get back here so we could segue to
our sponsor I love traveling more than
working like who doesn't thanks to the
rich for the new luggage because it has
30% ther show I can sit on it lay on it
or even do a trick shot the door Tru
Wheels let me walk fosly in Japan little
does he know rdge also sent me to Japan
I'll find you Dennis and I made it easy
with this air tag that I slipped into
the handy dandy air tag pocket really
Lis good luck next time I use this as
umbrella because it's weatherproof and
it comes with a laundry bag and a shoe
toour also check out my matching bag
pack it's also from the rich listen I
might not be a reliable man but this is
a reliable lockage check out Rich at the
link below if you enjoyed this video you
might also enjoy the time we checked out
some ridiculous '90s firstperson shoo
controllers we're going to have that
linked down below